Clarify WinExe property breaking change (#22723)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/compatibility/windows-forms/5.0/automatically-infer-winexe-output-type.md

</PropertyGroup>
```

> Starting in the 5.0.100 version of the .NET SDK, when the `OutputType` property is present, `OutputType` is automatically set to `WinExe` for WPF and Windows Forms apps that target any framework version, including .NET Framework. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in the 5.0.100 version of the .NET SDK, when `OutputType` is set to `Exe`, it is automatically changed to `WinExe` for WPF and Windows Forms apps that target any framework version, including .NET Framework.
```
